yo this is recap raps we bout to get you
caught up on the flash seasons 1 & 2
it's gonna be fast so try to keep up
here we go to understand what I'm about
to say believe it'd be impossible a
nerdy little Slugger become speedy and
unstoppable
overcome to trauma that's so visceral
and sad man like a melodrama just got
physical with Batman only difference is
the dads alive in prison frame for a
murder that a yellow blood committed
Barry's taking them by Joe on the CCPD
spine and his finer daughter iris Barry
loves our unrequited crazy stolen from
the particle accelerator very struck by
lightning and a winter sign was later
and acquainted where you lab where they
lock the front door a young hot nerd GW
of course wells Peyton Cisco each a
special kind of Gd does the miracles of
science liters that a convenient there
you have it star lab to in science
discretion I'm speaking to you on you
may have a question choice find his
inner strength the superheroes do
very funny kill the man who's in the
yellow suit Barry finally say that he
loves iris I don't know I guess we'll
have to find out over 22 more episodes
an ordinary guide for antic like CSI and
he's the fastest man alive
what's so fast impossibly no one else's
got speed
flash shop the only one affected by the
tempest and the quantity of metas in
this radius is endless basic paper
electricity and telepathic panels so
some are simply cycle ostracism are huge
central cities in a ton of [ __ ] on a
weekly basis which doesn't see my client
is one cisco gets the name it you got
one who is got cold feet I want to try
rainbow Raider really dude I kinda like
it
not everyone turned evil though some
simply changed honor you got fire hands
picture carvers brains the trouble
metahuman that is like mr. Lazzaro I can
tell the little deeper but I'll sleep
for tomorrow now we need all superhero
things in scientific gibberish real
human stories about family and
relationship very making new friends
going out on dates so secretly he's
crushing on his own adopted sister wait
but his main objective is the yellow
suited villain they raise a couple times
if I got was kills them with the help
well they can be tutored be that
articles from the future and his real
name is eobard thawne berries opposite
and he will be dealing again in
reverse-flash where's cisco when you
need iris ease around she's mostly
cavorting some hot cop Eddie Thawne wow
that's important Barry gets a chance to
rewrite his family's history should
result in death where's singularity when
it chooses not to do it and he sees his
mother died what I'm the crying eyes
sadness in my eyes 35 gone but he needs
a quick assist so what'd he do until the
dog ceases to exist and you literally
tornado certain death is even closer
Barry gets a bigger than a cease builder
we find out where Duane that summer
helmet came from Barry iris thing
ironically bang on the same drum when we
see more crossovers across the CW all
this and more as we time jump to season
2 and Nordic there
for a big like CSI and the fastest man
alive
once he has impossibly super advanced
technology
why save the day but at firestorms
expense all the citizens are grateful
only Caitlyn is depressed let's take
Garrett from another world is here to
join a lot although no one wants to
trust him care that helps because he's
hot putting differences aside there's a
bigger threat to fight cause prices on
two words you could call it through his
cry simultaneous realities in parallel
place where the statuses are different
but they had the same face jazzy jeff
scaredy barry cape shooting ice Cisco as
his powers but he gives up too she vibes
is a parallel Wells who is different
from the rest
cuz he's basically the same so it's like
he never left we'll jump across
dimension stairs to rescuing the city
from a talking Roylott shark an anti
holiday committee who's a whole string
of that Crossing flashing arrows world
do you probably get this drama crossing
Gossip Girl and Gilmore to refine but
it's what it is a guru bridge
dimension-hopping villain that is aptly
known as dude obviously evil with that
voice to a gray he's a murderer a boxer
and holy [ __ ] his jato back in STAR Labs
that resolved inside the building
well the Wesson Allen all have family
reunions for the time being all is
welling up in bad diesel rubs in the
room instead of murders Barry's dad talk
for the finale or a should be enough and
Barry wins because time travel stuff
everybody's safe for you prisoner in the
mass it's an old time he flies with the
face of Barry's dad and he barrel in has
been just as he was getting better he
and iris talk about it but they still
don't get together hurry runs back in
time stops Ponce's his mother it's a
flashpoint Darryl on tie my brother he
goes that's everything that's happened
on the flash so far now you ready for
season 3 this is recap Rex we'll see you
next time
much bang what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this why not check
out either these other two dope videos
and as always be sure to hit that
subscribe button to stay up to date on
all the latest warp zone content coming
at you every Tuesday and Thursday
alright we'll see you next time it's
gonna be huge
warp so now